Previously on Saving Hope...
I feel like I'm gonna die.
No, you're not.
Dawn is fixing you.
Did they catch the guy who stabbed her?
Yeah. Joel's sleepwalker.
You said you would watch me.
[grunts]
Dawn: Alex was stabbed today.
The man who stabbed Dr. Reid is dead.
But she is alive.
I'm in a coma, Charlie.
I love you.
I can feel that.
[siren wailing]
I'm sat-ing at 98%. CO2 is good.
- Calcium is fine.
- Check or bet, slim.
It doesn't make any sense.
Shahir's doing a full work-up.
Do you think I had a stroke?
Alex, you got the best
cardiac surgeon in the country.
Yeah, your ex-wife who tried to kill you.
That's not the point.
I'm just saying you got
a great team in your corner.
Then why am I not waking up?
You're going to.
Check or bet?
Come on. I want to see if I can
get that spirit of yours naked.
[heart monitor beeping]
Is strip poker even still a thing?
It seems so '80s.
Yeah, so do I. Quit your stalling.
Now show me what you got.
Okay.
Full house.
What?
Oh, gosh. Damn it. [chuckles]
Okay.
Uh... shirt, please.
[telephone rings]
[beeping continues]
Shahir.
I have no explanation for this.
Jackson told me this might happen.
Coma arousal therapy.
Oh, finish the hand, Charlie.
Shahir, does Alex have a brain injury?
Well, her MRI is clear,
and E.E.G. shows no sign
of seizure activity.
- Okay, that's great news.
- Yes.
There is absolutely nothing
wrong with Alex's brain...
Or with your biceps, for that matter.
[inhales sharply]
I'll discuss our next move with Dawn.
Thank you.
No, Charlie.
[elevator bell dings]
It's time to extubate.
Let me breathe on my own.
It's the push I need.
You need to let your doctors make that call.
I am a doctor.
Alex, I know how frustrating this is.
Believe me. But...
you need to be patient
and try to stay strong.
I don't feel strong.
You sat by my bed for months,
and you never stopped believing.
Well, I don't have that same feeling.
I do.
You're gonna wake up.
And if I don't?
[exhales sharply]
I'm afraid.
Red rover, red rover, I smell a hangover.
Sorry I couldn't
make it out last night, man.
I had the kids.
[exhales sharply]
Looks like I'm gonna have to
start ordering dextrose in bulk.
- What's that supposed to mean?
- Nothing.
It's just,
- since Alex...
- I didn't realize you were keeping tabs.
I'm not.
You been in to see her?
What's the matter, Zach?
Did you run out of patients to annoy?
I need you on a consult.
I need you to go away.
I know I don't start my shift
for at least another seven, eight minutes.
[groans]
85-year-old female patient,
slipped and fell on a pool deck
during aquafit.
Looks like a broken hip.
Which I'll be more than happy
to take a look at in...
yep, approximately five minutes,
which is when I start my shift.
If you'll excuse me, I'm hydrating.
It's a surprise.
I hate surprises.
Where are you taking me?
Would you relax? I'm not a serial killer.
The first rule of being a serial killer
is saying, "I'm not a serial killer."
Dr. Lin.
How is she?
Uh, she's good.
She's, um...
she's graduated to
the lowest setting on the vent.
Yeah. She's getting stronger every day.
I'm gonna go visit her at lunch.
But right now, I am late
for rounds with my new boss.
Why do I do this to myself?
[inhales sharply]
[telephone ringing]
She didn't want me to answer that question.
She looks so tired.
Yeah, well, everyone's worried about you.
[sighs]
And... she also broke up with Gavin.
- What?
- Yeah. I know. It sucks.
The ones you want to make it never do.
Oh! Here we are.
Dawn's office?
Mm-hmm.
No one can get an 8:00 A.M.
appointment with the chief.
Go in and find out why.
No, I-I'm not using
the ghosty thing to spy on Dawn.
Come on. She'd totally do it to you.
Well, that's not the point.
Okay,
you go in and have a quick snoop around,
and I will follow it up
with an impassioned pitch
to get you extubated today.
- Bribery?
- Mm.
Unbelievable.
Mm-hmm.
Okay, sweetheart.
Yes, mommy has to go to work now.
Yes, I do. So, it's bedtime, cutie.
Yes.
♪ sleep, little piggy ♪
♪ let peace attend thee ♪
♪ all through the night ♪
♪ guardian angels god will send thee ♪
Good night.
Shh.
[telephone ringing]
[indistinct conversations]
Hey, you check on my aquafit hip?
I've still got a couple of minutes, mate.
Hey, I think you should talk to somebody.
[siren wailing]
I'm talking to you right now.
I mean professionally.
I just... you haven't really been the same
- since Alex...
- Since Alex was attacked.
- Why don't you come out and say it, man?
- Talk to me.
- Well, chicken's wife... Maureen... she goes...
- Not you. Him.
45-year-old male... Roy Wilson.
- Everyone calls me "the mayor."
- He's an addict.
Hey, just like our real mayor. Dr. Goran?
- Yeah, I'm on it.
- Found him in a sweep of moss park.
He has a brutal infection in his right leg.
Roy: - This Maureen...
- Okay, just sit back, sir.
- Three.
- No, after my story.
She goes, "i-if tony wasn't on jazz,"
"he would have died for sure."
[laughs] [radio chatter]
- Imagine that, eh?
- Mm-hmm.
Heroin saved the chicken's life.
That's a good story.
Joel: Oh, Jesus.
That is a very infected
old piece of hardware.
Surrounded by some bad news.
Okay, if we want to save this leg,
we're gonna need to get this man
to the O.R. immediately.
Looks like your five minutes are up.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
[siren wailing]
[exhales sharply, groans]
Dr. Katz? Is she with a patient?
No. She's renovating.
What? [pounding]
Ugh, god.
- Hi. I'm looking for the doctor.
- I am a doctor.
I mean the real doctor.
- The real doctor?
- I'm looking for Dr. Katz.
You're her, aren't you?
Of course you are.
- You're late, Dr. Lin.
- I'm sorry.
- You just seem...
- Young to be your boss?
Well, I'm not, so get used to it.
Okay.
Tell me... why do we still
insist on using stirrups?
I'm sorry?
They're outdated
and completely unnecessary.
- Uh...
- I mean, why don't we just put a bit
in the patient's mouth?
Would you like some help with this?
- Are you jewish?
- No. Why?
You answered a question with a question.
- So, you trained with Jason Kalfas?
- Yeah.
- Did you sleep with him?
- No.
- Shoot drugs with him?
- Oh, god, no.
Hey, don't be defensive.
This is just us getting to know each other.
- Sorry.
- Stop apologizing.
I'm not used to...
I have an israeli disposition.
I keep a kosher home,
I leave early on fridays,
and when I get married,
I will probably wear a wig.
Do you have a problem with any of that?
- Nope.
- Good.
First case...
34-year-old, 5-months pregnant,
fell putting up a mobile.
[telephone rings]
[indistinct conversations]
Hey, Dr. Goran. Hi.
Wanted to introduce myself.
Rian Larouche. I'll be assisting you
in the O.R. today, sir.
New resident.
Yes, sir, day one.
- "Tee-riffic."
- [chuckles]
Okay, where'd you do
your training, Dr. Larouche?
Uh, pediatric rotation
over at the general, sir.
- Okay. And before that?
- Fort Wayne, Indiana.
I played "A" ball
with the Padres organization.
So, why did you make the switch to medicine?
Uh, tore an ACL, and besides,
I only hit a buck-92, so...
Ah, late bloomer.
Ah, here's hoping.
Okay, so, today we're dealing with
a necrotic infection site
and infected tibia.
All right, let's hit
the call room and get suited up.
Welcome to the jungle.
Thank you, sir.
[ventilator hissing]
[monitors beeping]
Hear you're facing a bear in there.
[sighs]
And I get your hand-me-downs... aquafit hip.
You gonna save the leg?
I don't know.
[water running]
Haven't exactly been knocking
them out of the park lately.
[chuckles] Wow.
Am I wrong?
Joel.
[clears throat] We're extubating Alex.
Wait, if you do that,
you understand
that she could bleed or swell.
We all know the risks.
Okay, I guess I should see her, then.
You asking my permission?
[sighs] I suppose I am, yeah.
It's not my permission you need.
It's your own.
[chuckles]
[sighs]
I miss being a doctor.
You're still a doctor, Alex.
No, I'm not.
You're the ghost doctor.
I'm just a ghost.
[monitor beeps]
Looks like the braised lamb with
kokkinisto I made last night.
Excuse me?
What? Everything reminds me of food.
It's all good. I'm from Roxbury.
Everything reminds me of road kill.
You know, there's
an abscess over this
old surgical site here.
I'm gonna open the old incision
on the medial side of the tibia.
Thank you.
[monitor beeps]
Ugh. Sheesh.
That reeks.
And that's a lot of pus.
Okay. Sucker?
Okay, we're already
so plugged up with this one.
Give me... give a yankauer.
- You usually use the frazier...
- Yankauer tip, please.
Switching up the luck, huh?
Whenever I'm hitting an "0-fer,"
I, uh, reach for a different bat too.
So, what am I looking at here, Dr. Larouche?
The infection involves
his posterior superficial compartment, sir.
Yes, it has eroded through
the cortex of the tibia.
The tibia is almost
entirely filled with pus.
Now, how is that even possible?
Dirty needle. Bacteria meets implant.
Metal doesn't have a blood supply.
Rian: - What's that?
- That would be biofilm.
Yeah, I don't think ortho's
gonna be my thing.
This is a locking plate.
Clearly this guy wasn't
always on the streets.
He's sat-ing at 90.
What's the surgical plan, doctor?
Oh, um, uh, remove the hardware
and, uh, debride the necrotic tissue.
That's right, and then we
irrigate, irrigate, irrigate.
Irrigate. Yes, sir.
Whatever you're gonna do,
you better do it quickly.
He's not handling his general well.
I've already got him on a dopamine drip.
Okay, let's do this, kids.
We could be here a little while.
I feel like such a dork.
Your body's changing.
So is your equilibrium.
Falls are extremely common.
Still, if I can't put up
a bunny mobile sober,
what kind of shot does this kid have?
Hmm.
[sighs]
- Is he gonna be okay?
- Just having a feel.
Are you experiencing any other symptoms?
You mean besides
the crippling embarrassment?
Mnh. Bit of a headache.
Tell me if that gets any worse.
I'm fine. [sighs]
Really, I'm-I'm just worried
about the baby.
Everything feels fine.
Dr. Lin, would you mind finding
baby's heartbeat, please?
David: Here you are.
I-I didn't get the message until now.
This might feel a bit cold, Lara.
My husband.
Sorry. Stupid phone was off.
Stupid story meeting.
David's a writer on a kids' show.
Which is ironic
because I don't like children.
Oh, you don't hate kids.
You just hate people.
- Mnh.
- Could you keep still for me, Lara?
Is there a problem?
- No. I'm just trying to...
- What happened?
Uh, the-the bunny mobile happened.
Dr. Lin?
I'm having a little trouble...
- finding the heartbeat.
- Okay.
- What?
Oh, my god.
There it is.
[sighing] Oh, god.
Sha. Sha. I need to listen.
[ultrasound whooshing, beeping]
Okay, it's a bit accelerated.
- Is that bad?
- No, it's probably nothing.
But I'm gonna send you down
for a formal ultrasound
just to make sure.
Okay. [sighs]
Dr. Lin here will escort you
down to imaging,
provided that she can find it.
Of course.
Joel: Look at that. The infection's
unbelievably widespread.
Rian: Ah.
Okay, we're gonna have to access
the intramedullary canal.
How do we do that, Dr. Larouche?
A lot of hard work, sir.
A lot of hard work.
"Through the cortical erosion"
would have been the correct answer, but...
[metal tapping]
I'll take anything from you right now.
- What did you just do?
- I just removed the plate. Why?
His sats just dropped to 80%.
- No, they did not.
- It's pulmonary embolus.
Yeah, he's definitely high risk for DVT.
I mean, he's a homeless addict.
He's been on the table a while, sir.
I can't keep him ventilated.
[monitor beeping]
What... what are we gonna do?
[beeping intensifies]
Dr. Goran?
We have to separate the problem
from the patient.
We have to amputate.
Give me the bone saw right now.
Damn it.
P.E. that's... that's bad damn luck.
That's bad damn luck.
You know what? Scratch that.
Get me 4 units of O-negative blood.
Give him 5,000 I.V. heparin.
I've changed my mind.
We're not gonna amputate.
We're gonna save the leg
and get him off the table.
Give me the scalpel right now.
[sniffs] Ah, that's the pee smell.
- You get used to it.
- Oh, I won't.
David's got a thing
about other people's fluids.
My boyfriend's afraid of thick drinks.
- Yeah, I get that.
- Of course you do.
David once had a panic attack at the Spa...
during a coconut mud wrap.
But I didn't have use of my arms.
[chuckles]
My wife... uh, she likes to
make jokes at my expense
to cover her nerves.
Yeah, well, David usually goes for
a roast beef sandwich to cover his.
[chuckles] What can I say?
I'm emotionally eating for three.
[chuckles] I get that.
You okay?
Mm. Headache's a bit worse.
Do you think you could
get me something for it?
Yeah, I'll put an order in, okay?
Actually, I probably got something in here.
Oh, check the man purse.
Your boyfriend
take this kind of abuse, doctor?
He's my ex, actually.
I don't know why I said that before.
Got...
[sighs]
Lara?
- Lara?
- Hey.
- Lara? Can you hear me?
Hey.
Can't find a pulse.
- Baby?
- Okay, we're gonna get her on the ground, okay?
- Quickly.
- Okay.
[alarm ringing, elevator bell dings]
Woman: Code blue...
I've got a pulse, but it's thready.
I need you to page Dr. Katz
in O.B. right away.
Good job, Maggie.
Please! Hurry!
Lara. Lara, come on.
Try to stay calm, Mr. Zarb.
My baby.
What's happening?
- Why isn't she breathing?
- Can you see me?
[exhales sharply]
You can't. You can't see me.
- Um...
Maggie: - Get the crash cart!
And call the code team! [gasping]
It's... it's okay.
David: Is she gonna be okay?
You're not alone.
I'm right here with you.
Hurry!
[telephone ringing]
How is she?
We weren't able to secure the aneurysm.
Okay. What does that mean?
There was a bleed in your wife's brain.
She's in a coma.
What? How did this happen? Was it the fall?
No, my guess is that the fall was caused
by a sentinel bleed
from a pre-existing aneurysm.
See, I-I don't... she was with
the doctors this whole time.
The initial bleed was small.
She was asymptomatic.
The aneurysm must have erupted
in the elevator.
Okay, I want to see her.
Of course.
Is there anyone else you'd like to call?
Lara's parents?
Uh, no. They're both dead.
There's my mom. She's in Florida.
I-I'll call her.
Okay.
[breathing deeply]
[telephone ringing, monitor beeping]
What?
No, man, that's not... that's not right.
That's not right, no.
Come on. What are you talking about?
Oh, I-I got to go, man. No. [stammers]
Give me the ph...
He...
Who are you talking to?
Chicken.
He says if he wasn't with me,
he never would have been busted.
I take it chicken's your dealer?
Yeah, he says I'm bad luck.
I don't know about that, Roy.
We just saved your leg.
It's chicken who's...
he lost his father's fish store.
Only been in the family 40 years.
He lost his car.
He lost his friggin' teeth, man.
Well, you're lucky to be alive, mate.
Yeah, well, when it's my time to go...
It's not.
How do you know?
'Cause I just made a deal with myself...
no one is dying today.
Oh, so, this is all about you.
Pretty much.
All you need to know is,
your life just became the most
important thing in mine.
Right on.
Our only chance to attack this infection
is by flooding your body with antibiotics.
- Fill your boots, man.
- In order to do that,
I need to insert what's called a PICC line.
It's essentially a central catheter
that allows me direct access
to your bloodstream.
However, if I do this
and you inject your body with drugs,
you'll probably overdose
and you'll probably die.
Well, don't beat around the bush, doc.
Tell me how you really feel.
I'm not telling you how I feel.
I'm telling you the facts.
Now, promise me that you won't do that.
Look, I don't want to die.
Do I hear a promise?
Yeah.
Beautiful.
I will send you down
to radiology, get the PICC.
Hey, what are you doing?
I'm taking this chicken to go.
No, you don't have to... [sighs]
Hey, anyone visits him,
you contact me immediately, okay?
You got it.
[groans, sighs]
[heart monitor beeping]
Normal dopplers through
the umbilical cord are present.
Have you ever seen a case like this?
No, thank god.
Middle cerebral-artery dopplers also normal.
I've read case studies,
but a patient like this is very rare.
It's bad luck.
Scanning the placenta.
No obvious signs of abruption.
I don't believe in luck.
- What do you believe in?
- God
and medicine, in that order.
Amniotic fluid?
Volume's within normal range.
So, why obstetrics?
Oh, I don't know.
Cervical length is nice and long.
Every case is different.
It's kind of like jazz.
The real magic happens
when you start to improvise.
Everything you think you've learned
from Jason Kalfas, forget it.
My residents don't improvise.
Got it.
What are we looking at?
Fetal measurements
of the biparietal diameter,
head circumference, abdominal circumference,
femur length are all consistent
with 20-weeks gestation.
Good. Let's go tell dad.
We'll send mom for a formal anatomy scan
when she's more stable.
What if she doesn't recover?
We work for and pray that she does.
But if she doesn't?
Jump off that bridge when it comes.
Mr. Zarb.
[sighs] Finally.
I can go back in?
Yes.
I can't believe you kicked me out.
- We didn't kick you out, sir.
- It's hospital policy.
Yeah, well, the policy sucks.
With family members present,
it makes it harder for us.
We just want to do the best job.
What about what I want?
You're upset.
You're damn right I'm upset!
I just want to be with my wife.
Mr. Zarb, your baby... he's doing well.
Oh, well, good for him.
Okay, you're mad at him.
I understand that,
and you should let yourself feel it.
Rail at-at us, god, the baby,
whoever you need to,
but it needs to come out.
Unh!
Ohh!
I think I broke my hand.
[breathing heavily, groans]
This is why I didn't go into psychiatry.
Let me have a look.
Okay, she's a ghost. I'm a ghost.
So, how come she can't see me?
I-I don't know.
It... it could be a good thing.
[scoffs]
Or a really bad thing.
[sighs]
Look, it's-it's like she can feel me,
like somehow my presence
comforts her, but...
You have to talk to her, Charlie.
I'm kind of all about the ghost
in front of me right now.
She's scared and all alone.
"Physician, heal thy girlfriend?"
I'm fine. I-I will be fine.
Just promise me you'll talk to her.
Okay, I promise I'll-I'll talk to her.
- [cellphone vibrating]
- Okay.
Right after I fix her husband's hand.
[sighs]
[telephone ringing]
[indistinct conversations]
You're as white as the coffee-mate, mate.
Rough day?
Rough week.
They're taking Alex off the vent today.
I know. I heard.
You gonna be there for it?
[cellphone ringing]
Nurses' station.
Hello? Yeah?
Sexy nurse Heidi
stuck in her scrub top again?
No, you keep an eye on him.
I'll be right there.
Yes.
Drug addict with an embolism.
I think his dealer just showed up.
[elevator bell dings]
Sorry.
Hey. Hey!
Wait!
- Stop him!
Woman: - Security!
Hey... wait!
Hey! No, grab him!
I don't care about my stupid hand.
- Can you make a fist for me, please?
- [groans, inhales sharply]
I don't want to be away from her.
I'm gonna get you out of here
as soon as I can.
Every time I leave her alone in this place,
something bad happ... [gasps]
Mr. Zarb, your wife's in good hands.
That's a joke, right?
I mean, she was healthy when
she arrived here this morning.
I know it's hard to wrap
your head around right now.
Um... this...
here, what you have is a boxer's fracture.
Um, the knuckle
on your little finger's broken.
I'm gonna tape it. It might hurt a bit.
It was the most normal morning in the world.
I got up. I gave her a kiss. I went to work.
This is a...
A nightmare?
Yeah, you got no idea.
I blame him.
I do... the baby.
I know I shouldn't, but I...
[sighs]
I can't.
I hate him for doing this to us.
[P.A. system beeps]
Woman: Code blue, I.C.U., room 4.
- Code blue, I.C.U...
- That's Lara's room.
Room 4.
[monitors beeping]
Shahir: Lara?
Lara, can you hear me?
- What? What's happening?
- Her pupils are fixed.
- What does that mean?
- Can you get him out of here?
- Mr. Zarb...
- No.
- Hey. No!
- Hey. Hey!
Hey! Okay, I am not leaving her alone again!
[exhales sharply]
[groans]
Please... tell me what is happening.
Her E.E.G. shows no activity.
What does that mean?
Your wife... she's...
brain-dead.
I'm sorry. Your wife is brain-dead.
[heart monitor beeping]
Shahir: The machine will
continue to breathe for her,
but in the eyes of the law,
your wife is now dead.
But your son...
he isn't.
His fetal heartbeat is present
and within the normal range.
Shahir: But because your wife is dead...
- Oh, stop saying that.
- I'm sorry.
But there's a decision to be made...
whether to discontinue
mechanical ventilation.
Pull the plug?
That's right.
Knowing that if you do,
the fetus will also die.
Or continue full support
in an attempt to prolong the pregnancy.
You're saying you can keep the baby alive...
inside of my wife, even though she's...
That's right, until the fetus
can be safely delivered.
How long will that be?
In 10 weeks.
We realize this is a lot to digest.
But we do need to know
how you'd like us to proceed.
Mr. Zarb?
What would you like us to do?
I don't know.
Woman: Look. Look.
Roy.
Hey.
So, what are we watching?
Oh, this is a cooking show...
a couple grannies sharing a kitchen.
Woman #2: I don't think so!
[ laughter ] Man: Excuse me?
So, what, you just come here
to watch tube with me or...?
Well, yeah, that,
and it's significantly easier
to chase away a drug dealer
if you're in the same room.
[chuckling] Oh, yeah.
So, you're moving in.
Uh, just till the end of my shift, yeah.
Well, pull up a chair, then.
Nope. No sitting.
No sleeping.
You're just gonna stand there
and watch TV for five hours?
Pretty much, if I have to.
Right on.
Yeah, tell her she's great.
Okay. She's great.
[ laughter ]
No, but say it like you mean it.
[laughs]
Give her a little kiss.
And I thought I was nuts.
[laughs]
Woman: I love her, but I can't...
Hey, why you doing this?
- I already told you.
- Yeah,
yeah, the-the pact with yourself.
I know, but [scoffs] why me?
Mnh. Patron saint of lost causes.
Oh, thanks a lot. [chuckles]
"O most holy apostle, St. Jude,"
"faithful servant and friend of Jesus."
My mom ran the sunday school.
Poor woman.
Tried so hard to get me
to believe in something.
Something wrong with your arm?
Well, it-it hurts under the pit a bit.
Let me take a look at it.
Hey, speaking of saints, you know a...
a doc named Selena?
Works out of a drop-in on Gerrard?
No. No, I don't. Raise up your arm.
All right.
What? What... what is it?
It's another infection site.
[sighing] How did we miss that?
Well, good thing I got my new main line.
No, antibiotics
aren't gonna do a damn thing.
We need to pull that PICC line out
and get you straight back into the O.R.
- Another operation?!
- Listen to me, Roy...
it's risky, but if we don't clean that,
that infection's
gonna eat the surrounding flesh.
It's... [sighs]
What? It'll kill me?
Oh, maybe chicken was right, huh?
Maybe I am bad luck.
[indistinct conversations]
Mr. Zarb.
Hi. I'm Dr. Murphy.
[sighs] You're a shrink.
Been in therapy half my life.
There's a certain whiff. No offense.
None taken.
Do you mind if I join you?
Have a seat.
[telephone rings]
You here to tell me what I should do?
No.
I'm just here to listen... if you want.
So, you're in therapy?
Yeah.
Anxiety.
Crappy dad.
He still in the picture?
He never really was.
You married?
No.
[sighs] I loved it.
[inhales sharply]
I was never really
into the chase, to be honest.
I know what you mean.
You should take all the time that you need
to make this decision.
All the time in the world
isn't gonna bring her back.
Besides, she made all the decisions.
I just made dinner.
[monitor beeps]
How you holding up?
You mean besides being dead and pregnant?
[exhales sharply]
Sorry.
I crack jokes to cover my nerves.
[sighs]
Do you have kids?
Um, no. No, I don't.
Do you want them?
Yes, I do.
I know my husband.
He's a family man.
He's angry, but he's gonna make
the right call.
He'll raise our son.
I'm not worried.
[monitors beeping]
I've made my decision.
I want her taken off life support.
You don't have to decide that right now.
I just did.
Mr. Zarb, you understand the implications?
- I know what this means.
- Your son will die.
Dr. Katz.
I need this to be over.
- Why don't you take some more time?
- No.
I need this to be over.
Okay, we all set?
If her breathing is compromised in any way,
we are putting the tube back in.
Unplug the vent.
[monitor beeping]
[ventilator hissing]
Okay, let's get this tube out.
[air hisses]
I'm here, baby.
Right here.
Well, she's breathing on her own.
That's a good sign.
Then why am I not waking up?
Just keep breathing, baby.
[heart monitor beeping]
So, that's it?
We just throw in the towel?
He's next of kin and the baby's father.
It's his decision.
There is a life in there.
Is no one willing to fight for that?
It's not our fight to have.
Yes, it is. We're doctors.
There's nothing we can do.
[stammers] I don't accept that. I'm sorry.
I'll get started on the paperwork.
Maggie: Thanks.
Your staff ob-gyn... she seems, um...
Young?
Passionate.
That's one word for it.
Better than being unfeeling, I guess.
Right.
I can't keep living
in the same apartment together.
I'm looking for a new place
as fast as I can.
Maybe I'm the one who should, um...
No, no, it's-it's my, uh...
really, I should...
That's the protocol? [chuckles]
The one who gets dumped
gets to keep the apartment?
There is no protocol, unfortunately.
- I still love you.
- Gavin.
I can't pretend that I don't.
I don't know what you want me to say.
[heart monitor beeping]
I should find David.
I-I don't think
he should be alone right now.
[indistinct conversations,
heart monitor beeping]
I need to talk to you. [breathing heavily]
I-I heard.
I'm sorry.
You're my only hope.
Um... I can't leave her.
Nothing's happening.
And it might not happen for weeks... if ever.
Please?
Go with her, Charlie.
Do your ghost-doctor thing.
She needs you.
I'll be here when you get back.
He thinks he's going to turn
into his father,
but it was his mother
who raised him by herself,
worked two jobs.
He's only 50% deadbeat dad.
The other half of him is pretty kick-ass.
Remind him of that.
We don't have much time.
I wish I could remember
the rest of that prayer.
If only mom was here. [chuckles]
You know what? Give her a call.
Oh, she's in a retirement home in Cobourg.
No, I got an excellent
long-distance plan for you.
But I-I haven't been to see her in years.
- I can't...
- Guys, stop the cart for a second, please.
Give her a call.
Roy, make the call.
[exhales sharply]
[buttons clicking]
No, I can't do this.
- What do you mean, you can't do this?
- Talk to her.
Talk to...
[sighs]
Yes. Hello?
Uh... uh, ma'am, my name is Dr. Joel Goran.
I'm calling regarding your son, Roy.
Yeah, he...
no, he's-he's fine.
He's right in front of me here. He...
he's...
okay. One sec.
Uh, she would like to speak with you.
Mom? Hey.
How you doing?
No, no.
I'm good.
I'm real good.
I'm just here at the hospital, volunteering.
Yeah. Y-yeah, Dr. G's like a...
a mentor to me.
Yeah, I've been helping
other people get off of drugs.
[chuckling] Yeah.
Yeah, my luck is finally turning around.
Yeah, no, I...
Yeah, I will.
I-I'll come up and see you real soon.
Well, I better go.
Okay.
Bye, mom.
I love you.
[clears throat]
[chuckling] You think she bought it?
Well, let's make it true, okay?
You're great.
Say it like you mean it.
That's much better.
Let's move, boys. Come on.
[indistinct conversations]
Hey, champ. How's the hand?
I don't feel it.
I don't feel anything, actually.
That's because you're in shock,
which is, um,
probably why you shouldn't
be deciding anything right now.
[scoffs] You know, if you
came here to change my mind...
The minute David senses
he's in a fight, he has to win.
Save your breath.
Switch gears.
Uh, a-ask him about his mother.
So, your mother... is she, uh...
She's on a plane from Florida.
I want this taken care of
before she gets here.
He knows she'll try to change his mind.
Afraid she might try and change your mind?
No one's gonna change my mind.
[inhales sharply]
What about your wife?
What would you say to her?
- [scoffs]
- [sighs]
Don't.
- Sorry?
- He's a cynic.
Tell him you talk to ghosts,
and he'll leave.
I-I just mean that, um,
if you could talk to your wife,
what would you say?
With all due respect,
I don't think that's any of your business.
Fair enough.
At our last ultrasound,
we found out we were having a boy.
Hey, when you found out
you were having a son,
that must have been something, right?
I know what you're doing, okay?
Don't.
We ordered pizza, drank.
Well, he did.
No, I-I just mean
that you must have had a...
a few to celebrate.
I was nervous-drinking for three.
He woke me at like 2:00 in the morning
to show me what he'd written
on the back of the pizza box...
for the baby.
You know, when I get drunk,
I, um, pull out the guitar,
turn into Yngwie Malmsteen.
[laughs]
I think I'm Pablo Neruda.
You write any, uh, love poems
when you found out about your son?
How'd you know that?
Just a guess.
What, uh... what did you say to him, David?
"Son... I'll always love you."
"I won't pretend to be
any different than I am."
"Son, you are my son."
"I'll always love you."
I can't remember.
Maybe you're not ready.
No, I made up my mind.
Now, if you'll excuse me.
[sighs]
[heart monitor beeping]
David, are you ready?
It's okay.
I'll always love you.
Son, I'll always love you.
Dr. Lin, turn off the vent.
David: Wait.
I-I-I need a minute.
I changed my mind.
Maggie: David?
It's what she would have wanted.
It's what I want.
I want him.
[sighs]
I want our boy.
[heart monitor beeping]
[ventilator hissing]
[Greg Sczebel's "See Through Heart" plays]
♪ oh, I wish that I was good ♪
♪ at hide-and-go-seek ♪
♪ 'cause every time I hide, ♪
♪ you find me ♪
[sighs]
♪ and I wish that my smile ♪
♪ wouldn't skip a beat ♪
♪ when the phone calls and shortfalls ♪
♪ remind me of the fear ♪
♪ that's underneath ♪
♪ but that's just my see-through heart ♪
♪ I can't hide the way I'm feeling ♪
♪ and that's just the funny part ♪
♪ I don't even know I'm bleeding ♪
♪ but you have ways ♪
♪ of seeing through ♪
They're giving me the physostigmine?
Yep, and they're
just gonna keep giving it to you
until something happens.
[sighs]
And if it doesn't?
If it... what?
You mean if it's just you and me
stuck here in ghost world?
Yeah.
We'll solve crimes.
[chuckles] Charlie.
Hey, at least I'd have you all to myself.
[laughs]
See? You are a serial killer.
No, I'm-I'm really happy for this time.
When did you become this
glass-half-full kind of guy?
Oh, since I had this great teacher.
Oh.
You know [chuckles]
you are gonna make an amazing father
- someday, Charlie.
- ♪ that's just my see-through heart ♪
and you are gonna be
the world's yummiest mummy.
♪ and that's just the funny part ♪
What were we waiting for?
- ♪ I don't even know I'm bleeding ♪
- What do you mean, baby?
♪ but you have ways ♪
- ♪ of seeing through ♪
- Charlie, when I wake up...
[sighs] Let's have a baby.
I made this pact with myself today.
I convinced myself that...
♪ oh, I wish that I could act ♪
If I could save this one
particular patient of mine...
♪ like in Hollywood ♪
Somehow that would make you...
- ♪ I'd play a real mean James Dean ♪
- Get better.
♪ if only I could ♪
- ♪ and I wish that I was wise ♪
- I lost him.
♪ like king Solomon ♪
- ♪ I'd have you so convinced ♪
- I refuse to lose you.
- ♪ that I'm everything that I want ♪
- You are staying here with me.
Do you hear me, Alex Reid?
- ♪ but that's just my see-through heart ♪
- You belong here.
♪ I can't hide the way I'm feeling ♪
♪ and that's just the funny part ♪
♪ I don't even know I'm bleeding ♪
♪ but you have ways of seeing through ♪
♪ seeing through ♪
♪ and I won't pretend ♪
♪ that it's my decision ♪
♪ I know I'm no match ♪
♪ for your X-ray vision ♪
♪ but I don't mind ♪
♪ as long as you don't ♪
♪ change your mind ♪
[breathing heavily]
Sync and corrected by MystEre
www.addic7ed.com
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from OpenSubtitles.org